---
layout: post
title: Laughing With Missing Teeth
date: '2016-10-04 11:56'
---


You don't feel anything. You feel it when you get hit or cut. You feel it when you touch something but that's all you feel, if we can really call that feeling. You don't feel anything important. You don't feel anything that you don't remember. Do you? Do you remember the last time something changed? Did you feel that? You didn't see it. You cannot see something that is infinitesimally small. Today, you are a version of yourself and on this same day, you blink. You are new. Do you remember the person whose body you occupied before you closed your eyes?

Every morning I am new. The things I did yesterday - my good deeds and misdoings - are in the past, long forgotten by the person I now am.

I remember tumbling backwards, one sunny summer afternoon when I was five years old, and cutting my head on a picnic table. That memory is vivid. I remember the day; I had spent it outside with my family, eating watermelon and shooting water guns. Then, in a moment of excitement - and was it fear? - I took a quick step backwards and didn't get hit by the water.

I remember that... I remember those things... What I just can't remember is how I changed from that boy, the one that couldn't believe the doctor in the emergency room when he was told what stitches are, to the person that I am now, the one that is sitting here at this desk desperately trying to think of words that can go together. But that's a big change. Really, it's an unimportant one. So long, so gradual, so boring. It's put me to sleep several thousand times. It's just so utterly boring. I could dissect and relive and attempt to understand that whole period in its entirety... But I don't care to; I won't write about anything so boring, nor will I make anybody read about anything like that.

The biggest change in my life to this point, that I can recall vividly, has been beginning university. I was only fourteen then. For me, that was a jarring thing. The abrupt transition, from being an eclectic homeschooler to being a student at a large rigid university, was jarring and had a huge impact on me, as a person and student, and on my plans and aspirations.

Sudden, jarring changes always impact us. They are like being woken from a long sleep by the pouring of cold water over your face. They are like being yanked from the sensation of a good meal when you bite down on your fork. Of course, those things don't always leave a mark on us. Usually we escape with nothing but a memory of a painful, intense, even frightening experience. Usually we don't bite down too hard. Actually, we rarely bite down hard enough. If there is enough water, it will fill our lungs and damage them. If we hit the fork with enough passion and force, it will take some of our teeth.

However painful it might be, change is a wonderful thing. Vast changes shape us by shaping the people around us. Smaller, yet equally vast, changes shape us by shaping us. Change creates not only a new state of being, but an experience and that experience marks you in its own special way. So, bite down and clench your fork with all the strength of your jaw. If you do, in the morning when you wake up new, you will have a small thing to still remember.
