---
layout: page
title: Lifeline
date: 2016-09-02 19:58:31
---

> "Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the
life you have imagined."
>
> ~ Henry Thoreau

<!--
- 2001 - On the 14th of July, I entered this world, in such a miserable place as Florida.
- 2002 - My family moved to Georgia.
- 2007 - I began elementary school.
- 2009 - By this year, I had already done most of the living
  that I have so far... but little of what's worth writing.
- 2010 - I began home school.
- 20015 - I began University.

This is a rather brief and lacking outline of my life.
-->

## Early life

- 2001 - July 14 - I was born
- 2002 - My family moved to Georgia
- 2007 - I began elementary school

### People

A few friends with whom I still keep touch:

- Noah
- Bowen
- Jacob
- Ian

One of my teachers in particular from this time, Mrs. Garvin, had a great influence on the trajectory of my life. Perhaps I should send her a letter...

### Interests

I vaguely remember being in the science and math olympiads at my school...

## Middle school

  ### School

  I was homeschooled starting in 2011.

  I went to a lot of different schools during this time.

  ### People

  The first people who come to mind from this time are actually teachers and mentors:

  - All of the teachers at all of my  schools
  - My debate coaches
  - My horseback riding coach

  And I made a few friends:

  - Jorge
  - John
  - Caleb

  There were a few people I never really got to know who affected my life a bit:

  - Annika
  - Will
  - Jane
  - A few people with forgotten names...

## Fall 2015

  ### School

  I began university at KSU.

  ### Politics

  This is about the time that I started to attempt to think about politics. I suppose I was a libertarian.

  Really, I knew very little about politics.

  ### Music

  My favorite band was Pink Floyd. In fact, I think that might have been all that I listened to.
  ### People

  I made a lot of friends who influenced in this time:

  - Josh
  - Josh
  - Samantha
  - Kieran
  - Emma
  - Baylen
  - Yannik
  - Emily
  - Tristen
  - Caleb
  - Emma
  - Connor
  - Sara

  Professors:

  - Dr. Alan LeBaron
  - Viviani Neihoff

## 2016

  ### Politics

  Towards the beginning of this year, I read sociology, philosophy, and political theory pretty veraciously. I developed a somewhat leftist libertarianism.

  Later, my interest in politics transformed into an apathy. Politics started to feel silly and useless. It's not that I don't care, just that I think there are better ways to affect society than thinking about and support candidates.

  ### Music

  Favorite bands: Against Me! and Caravan Palace

  ### Interests

  - Programming
  - Sociology (I CLEPed sociology in the summer)
  - Mathematics (I taught myself and CLEPed calculus in the summer)

  ### People

  Some influential people that I met last semester:

  - Anna
  - Miranda
  - Emily
  - Anna
  - Emily

  The only professor I had last semester who had an influence beyond what he taught was Dr. Bruce Flower
