---
layout: post
title: "Painting Portraits Of Unknowing Subjects"
date: "2016-09-08 17:51:00 -0400"
---
There is a gentleman sitting next to me. He appears very irritated, constantly scratching under his collar and shaking when he types on his 
laptop. "What was communicated was not what was intended..." He is wearing large headphones and speaking loudly. I am trying not to stare. 
His headphones are accompanied by a pair of jeans and a blue plaid button down shirt. "It was communicated poorly and that just happened to 
coincide with this clusterfuck." He's been rambling about some tech thing for a while now. He is giving commands about ordering different 
parts and coordinating with engineers, talking like he's running a company. Why is he sitting here in Starbucks? "I'm concerned for you, 
Mike." he reaches over and fiddles with his phone that's plugged in to an outlet on the wall. As he starts talking about the prospect of 
"Android versus IOS and how we can convert the Java to Swift," he appears infinitely more irritated. He is a white man who looks to be in 
his fifties.

Five girls who look like they are about ten run into the Caffe and sit down at a table. One of them announces "anybody who wants food, 
follow me!" They all run towards the barista. An Indian woman walks through the door just in time to pay for what they all ordered. My first 
thought was that some of the children were adopted. That was presumptuous of me. A white woman walks through the door and joins the Indian 
woman at a table for two. One of the girls runs up to her and asks for her camera. "Take an artsy one!" The woman says as she hands it to 
her.

The entreprenuer who is sitting next to me looks startled. He snaps his Mac Book closed and slides it into his bag, zipping it hastily. He 
appeared to be in a hurry until he picked up his phone...

There was a white woman with the pan-African colors on her shirt sitting at a table with another woman and a baby in a stroller. I missed my 
chance to write about those two; they've already left.

This is no regular Starbucks. It's in a Barnes And noble. I can only imagine how much the noise annoys people who are looking for books. Not 
that I care. I love it! All of the people talking on the phone and to eachother, alone and together, speaking privately in public are so 
entertaining. People are fun to watch, to listen to They give me something to write about.

The entrepreneur just remembered his sense of urgency and left the store.

The little girls are still taking pictures of eachother. I wonder why they're not in school. It is the early afternoon. Perhaps they are 
homeschooled. When I was homeschooled, it was not infrequent that I would meet up with homeschooled children in bookstores. The two women 
and their daughters are getting up and walking out the door. Everything is so quiet now. I can hear the music playing. I've been listening 
to it absent mindedly for a few minutes.

The woman with the pan-African tshirt walked by again. She's not a woman I realise, she's a teenage girl. The woman that she was sitting 
with is by her side, but the baby's nowhere in sight.

An older woman just sat down next to me a few chairs over. She looks a bit like a professor. She has a stack of papers, all with MLA 
headings in her lap and a red pen. She looks angry. The essays that she is grading must not be very good. She's talking with a young woman, 
who might be in her early twenties; they don't look related. The girl keeps bringing her books and telling her about them. Several times, 
the professor has said "I'm not buying that for you." She has, however, taken a few books and placed them on the table next to her.

There are now about three boys who look to be in middle school wandering through the store. Have I been sitting here so long that they are 
out of school and only written this much? One of those boys has sat down at a table across from me. He is working on what I can only assume 
to be homework. He has a paper can a pencil. He is without an adult.

The barista has been talking for several minutes now, about how he does not have icecream. "There is a Brusters or a Cold Stone, or 
something like that over there." I cannot see who he is talking to. He does not sound annoyed, just bored. Even a little happy. Whoever he 
is talking to, he seems to appreciate the break from the monoteny. "Hey man, hows it going?" He greets a a young boy who he seems to know. 
"I'm great; could I have a salted caramel mocha?" "Yeah man, you still working across the street?" "Sure am." From the boys voice, I thought 
he was far to young to have a job.

The professor is still marking essays with her pen. It's been a while since she's turned the page, but she hasn't stopped staring intensely 
at the paper and writing in it's margins. I can only imaginehow long it will take her to get through her stack if she takes such care with 
each one. Her accomplisis pacing the isles, always with a book in her hand. Wearing a smile on her face, she looks like she is in love with 
each one. Finally, she has just now settles into a chair with one book. 

The boy who is working on his homework is hunched so intensely that he will surely develop back issues. This reminds me to fix my own 
posture.

My hands are shaking now. There are seven billion people in this world. I have seen maybe forty in this store today. All people, at least 
occasionaly do interesting things. I've just watched a few going about their daily lives, acting as they do every day. There are seven 
billion people just as interesting as them, just as interesting as me. Have people watched me? Written about me? Observed some of my 
manerisms? If they have, they've looked through a very thin, tinted window into my life. Just as I have to these people. There is a woman 
sitting at that table with a cup from Chikfila, a notepad, and a binder. There's a boy playing video games in that chair. There's an old man 
sitting over there with a newspaper. There are so many people pacing the isles, looking at books. A sad man looking at books on history, 
reading one on war. An excited man, perusing the bussiness section.
